There are some problems with some of the hacks in ProdigyMathGameHacking. This file is for the bugs + fixes for some bugs.

A: If you get the Will's Prodigy Mod Menu on one computer/laptop/desktop, then the free membership WILL NOT work on another computer. However, there is another way to get free membership if that's what you want. First, create a teacher account, and assign yourself to that teacher class. Then, in the teacher account, click SHARE PRODIGY, and then copy the link. You will know what I mean by link. Then log out of your teacher account and paste that link into the web browser and create a new teacher account. Create a new prodigy account and assign that new prodigy account to the new teacher account. Answer 3 math questions on the new prodigy account, but jus t to be safe, answer 10. Then, after 24 hours, go back to the old teacher account. Go back to SHARE PRODIGY, and you should get a free three month membership that you can share with your 'students', or basically yourself. So that bug is fixed.

B: Game crashes when using Will's Mod Menu. I know there is a fix kennel attack bug button, but when I tried to 'fix kennel attack bug' so the battles wouldn't crash on my other computer, it didn't work. Also, there is actually going to be a high chance of getting banned after Prodigy adds a report button thingy. Because you put foreign spells into the pets. I think to fix this, you could make two buttons. GetAllPetsAtLevel1, and then LevelUpAllPetsToLevel100. This should fix the glitch, I think the glitch is happening becuase of foreign spells like Royal Roar and Co-op beam.

Any other problems will be reported to ProdigyMathGameHacking/PROBLEMS.md
